# Data-Analysis-Databases-and-SQL-for-Data-Science-with-Python-
Understand the datasets To complete the assignment problems in this notebook you will be using three datasets that are available on the city of Chicago's Data Portal:  Socioeconomic Indicators in Chicago Chicago Public Schools Chicago Crime Data 1. Socioeconomic Indicators in Chicago This dataset contains a selection of six socioeconomic indicators of public health significance and a “hardship index,” for each Chicago community area, for the years 2008 – 2012.  A detailed description of this dataset and the original dataset can be obtained from the Chicago Data Portal at: https://data.cityofchicago.org/Health-Human-Services/Census-Data-Selected-socioeconomic-indicators-in-C/kn9c-c2s2  2. Chicago Public Schools This dataset shows all school level performance data used to create CPS School Report Cards for the 2011-2012 school year. This dataset is provided by the city of Chicago's Data Portal.  A detailed description of this dataset and the original dataset can be obtained from the Chicago Data Portal at: https://data.cityofchicago.org/Education/Chicago-Public-Schools-Progress-Report-Cards-2011-/9xs2-f89t  3. Chicago Crime Data This dataset reflects reported incidents of crime (with the exception of murders where data exists for each victim) that occurred in the City of Chicago from 2001 to present, minus the most recent seven days.  A detailed description of this dataset and the original dataset can be obtained from the Chicago Data Portal at: https://data.cityofchicago.org/Public-Safety/Crimes-2001-to-present/ijzp-q8t2
You have been hired by an organization that strives to improve educational outcomes for children and young people in Chicago. Your job is to analyze the census, crime, and school data for a given neighborhood or district. You will identify causes that impact the enrollment, safety, health, environment ratings of schools.

You will be required to answer questions similar to what a real life data analyst or data scientist would be tasked with. You will be assessed both on the correctness of your SQL queries and results. 

A Jupyter notebook is provided to help you complete this assignment. Follow the instructions to complete all the problems, then share the Queries and Results with your peers for review.
